Refactor gun controller tests. Get rid of the need to call the controller the first time to 'initialize'. Might not even need the fake enemy analysis?

Fix NullPointerException when bullet hits bullet and the correct wave isn't identified.

Add random movement.
   - Purely random?
   - Random, taking into account probability of being able to block bullet given solution
		- Select between moving as far as possible in each direction
		- Choose from a continuous set of possible locations, given the probability of intersection at each
   - Run analysis to see if weighted random movement does better than purely random.

Go to the location with the highest intersection probability.

Project several possible paths, and choose one.
   
Is the firing solution covering a position a few ticks too late? In other words, does the wave hit the front side of the robot in reality before it does in simulation?

Does the movement currently 'go backwards' in the correct direction?

Account for bullets hitting the wrong wave in the firing statistics.

Figure out the correct equation for p(intersection|fired at my position, distance, angle)

Should not be firing .7 energy bullets to block .1 energy bullets! In fact, is it even worth firing at all? What should it do? This is why it loses to DrussGT when Druss is low on energy.

Determine whether to use an adjustment based on the potential payoff; in other words, never, ever, fire a bullet with more power than the one you're trying to intercept. Don't even fire if the chance of them missing is high enough, and their bullet power low enough?

Sometimes shoot at the enemy if that has a better expected payoff than dodging.
	

Adjust the intersection time of bullets by slightly adjusting where the bot moves to, rather than adjusting the power of my bullet. Phrased another way: calculate the intersection, then just don't move quite as far, in order to be fully covered.

Properly handle the end of the round. Should not consider the energy drop to be fired bullets.

Use a better wall smoother.

Don't wait to fire at enemy bullets when they are fired, instead, fire at the bots maximum rate and just fire at the closest 'unblocked' wave. This may be simplified by firing at the furthest wave. Make sure that when you fire, not to bother intercepting any portion of the wave that was already cleared.

Use precise intersection to get a better idea of where to block.

Learn where the enemy aims.